Jasper URL fix - small improvements to reports section (#273)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_admin/AdminManual.adoc

[#reports]
== 4 Reports

Reports in Open Hospital are produced with JasperReports® technology. JasperReports gives the possibility to design a report in an visual / WYSIWYG editor, connect it to a datasource (DB), test it, modify it, and then compile it to use it directly from the OpenHospital application.

Open Hospital reports are placed into three different folders (see <<folders,Folders>>):

* *rpt_base/* -> contains all the hardcoded reports used by the application;
* *rpt_stat/* -> contains the _OHxxx_ basic reports available in the Statistics menu;
* *rpt_extra/* -> contains additional reports defined by the user.
    
Each report consists of two files:

> * a .*jrxml* file: JasperReport XML file, that can be modified with a specific editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a .*jrxml* file: JasperReport XML file, that can be modified with Jaspersoft® Studio (see below)
```
